Week 1 -- Looking back at week 1 it was difficult because I had no idea what I wanted to do or where to start. I know I wanted to do something in swift and deal with iOS. I decided to take a previous project, the Finance Calculator, and redo it in Swift. 

Weeek 2 - I started looking into Swift Turtorial on YouTube and slowly started watching. I was off to a bad start since my Mac was acting up but eventually I was able to download xCode and start beginning the design process. At this point, I also realized that I did not want to do the finance calculator anymore and wanted to search for something that I really enjoyed and could help me. I came up with an idea that incorporated some of my sneaker idea. If you have seen my portfolio, then you know about my sneaker hussle but if you havent let me give you a run down. On the side, I will take rare sneakers that have been bought at retail and resell them at a higher mark-up for profit. The game is a lot hard then it looks so I wanted something that could help me and even some other fellow sneakerheads inside the game. As this point, the idea would be app that allows users to input their sneaker and the price it was bought at and then give them some values at which they could sell them for and allow them to see how much they make.

Plan for Week 2 - Currently it is the end of week 2 and I have some goals for what I want to have done by the end of week 3. 
	- First off, I want to have an exact layout of what the app will do and how it will accomplish the task
		- I also want to layout the exact task the app will do
	- Secondly, I want further my Swift tutorial because I have recently became lazy about them and have touched them in a little 			bit
	- Third, this is optional if I can get the first two steps done, I want to begin to start creating the basics of the app in 			Swift










Problem Statement -- For sometime, I have been selling shoes but in the sneaker market prices are always changing and it can be hard to determine what a show should sell for. I want to make this process a lot easier by having an app that will automatically calculate what price I should be selling my shoes at for the maximum profit but still be low enought that a consumer is willing to pay that premium price for the shoe.


Outline Goals -- Have an app that easly takes data from the user and give them a valid estimate on what they should sell a specific sneaker for and also give them an insight on how much they are profiting.

Chart Boundaries -- The major boundary would be using swift so that the app is an iOS application as well as getting data from previous sneaker sells. For this I want to look at competitor likes StockX or Goat and see how they keep track of their data and make price adjustments according to the market.

Success Criteria -- If the app can help me sell my sneaker a bit more efficently in the way that I can focus on other things such as marketing the shoe versus having to worry what I have to sell it for compared to my competitor.

Constraints -- The time frame and the knowledge of coding that I have. The constraints would be having something to show others before the end of the semester. A personal constraint will be, keeping me motivated to keep working on this project even after the class is over.

Assumptions -- I will keep working on this constantly
		Getting data and refining how the calulations work for the app will be easy

Stakeholders -- The programmer themself (me), Professor Vanselow since its a class assignment as well. Students and friends who will 
		be testing and potential using the application. Sneakerheads who are also trying to sell their shoes and have to compete with other sellers.

Timeline -- This will be constantly updated and it will always be at the top of this TXT file.
